update how upgrade Wasabi (#1332)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Installation.md

:::

:::details

> ### How do I (securely) upgrade Wasabi?

Reviewer: This breaks external links.

```suggestion
### How do I securely upgrade Wasabi?
```

To upgrade Wasabi, you need to download the new version.
Downloading and installing the newer Wasabi package will overwrite the previous one, while preserving your files like your wallets etc.

> So to upgrade Wasabi, simply download and install the new version like at first install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So to upgrade Wasabi, simply download and install the new version like at first install.

```

You can download the software build for the different operating systems on the main [website](https://wasabiwallet.io) or better over [Tor](http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion).

> For extra security, it is reccommended to also download the signatures of the build and verify them with [zkSNACKs' PGP public key](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/PGP.txt).

Reviewer: IMO this should be mandatory and not an optional step.

```suggestion
Make sure you also download the signatures of the build and verify them with [zkSNACKs' PGP public key](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/blob/master/PGP.txt).
```
